\input texinfo

@c % /*************************************************************************
@c %  *                              PART I: HEADER                           *
@c %  *************************************************************************/
@setfilename candl.info
@settitle CAnDL: the Chunky Analyzer for Dependences in Loops

@set EDITION 0.1
@set VERSION 0.2.0
@set UPDATED July 16th 2008
@setchapternewpage odd


@c % /*************************************************************************
@c %  *                 PART II: SUMMARY DESCRIPTION AND COPYRIGHT            *
@c %  *************************************************************************/

@copying
This manual is dedicated to CAnDL version @value{VERSION}, a library
dependence analysis of polyhedral programs.

Copyright @copyright{} 2003-2008 Cedric Basoul.

@c quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
published by the Free Software Foundation. To receive a copy of the
GNU Free Documentation License, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307 USA.
@c end quotation
@end copying

@c % /*************************************************************************
@c %  *                 PART III: TITLEPAGE, CONTENTS, COPYRIGHT              *
@c %  *************************************************************************/
@titlepage
@title CAnDL
@subtitle The Chunky Analyzer for Dependences in Loops
@subtitle Edition @value{EDITION}, for CAnDL @value{VERSION}
@subtitle @value{UPDATED}
@author Louis-No@"el Pouchet

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@c % /*************************************************************************
@c %  *                     PART IV: TOP NODE AND MASTER MENU                 *
@c %  *************************************************************************/
@ifnottex
@node Top
@top CAnDL

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::
* Usage::
@c * FM Software::
@c * FM Library::
@c * Hacking::
@c * Installing::
@c * Documentation::
@c * References::
@end menu



@c % /*************************************************************************
@c %  *                       PART V: BODY OF THE DOCUMENT                    *
@c %  *************************************************************************/

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

There is a Doxygen documentation of the API available in
@code{doc/htmldoc.tar.gz}.

@c %%%%%
@section Installation of CAnDL

The installation of CAnDL follows the classical scheme. You can specify
the path of PIPLib to the configure script with @code{--with-piplib}
@footnote{The configure script will automatically detect the location of
dependencies if @emph{--prefix=path/to/dir} is specified and all
dependencies were installed in path/to/dir}.

@cartouche
@example
$> tar xzf candl-@value{VERSION}.tar.gz
$> cd candl-@value{VERSION}
$> ./configure --prefix=/path/to/be/installed
$> make
@end example
@end cartouche

@*
The @code{make check} command can be used to make a test run of
CAnDL.

@cartouche
@example
$> make check
@end example
@end cartouche

@*
The @code{make install} command can be used to install the library.

@cartouche
@example
$> make install
@end example
@end cartouche

@c % /*************************************************************************
@c % /*************************************************************************

@node Usage
@chapter Usage

This chapter describes briefly the input/output of CAnDL binary.

@section Input file design



@c % /*************************************************************************
@c %  *                       PART VI: END OF THE DOCUMENT                    *
@c %  *************************************************************************/
@c @unnumbered Index

@c @printindex cp

@bye




